Updated hyperlink to the Date strings section (#19003)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/date/index.md

## Value

> A string representing the date entered in the input. The date is formatted according to ISO8601, described in {{SectionOnPage("/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Date_and_time_formats", "Date strings")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string representing the date entered in the input. The date is formatted according to ISO8601, described in [Date strings format](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Date_and_time_formats#date_strings).
```

Never liked `SectionOnPage`

Author: Thank you for the suggestion. Is writing in your format a better way to create a phrase with links? Where can I find that? Also is the latter part of the phrase required, or it is possible to leave it out? Like this:
```suggestion
A string representing the date entered in the input. The date is formatted according to ISO8601, described in [Date strings format](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Date_and_time_formats#date_strings) in [Date and time formats used in HTML](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Date_and_time_formats).
```

Reviewer: I don't think repeating the two links is worthwhile in most cases. We are working to remove most macros in all pages, and here I think it's worth removing.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think removing `{{SectionOnPage}}` is a good thing.
